Updated plugins.md (#61)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/guide/plugins/plugins.md

- the `menu` name displayed in Xournal++'s menubar,
- the `callback` function used when the plugin is called from the menu or via a keyboard accelerator,

> - the `accelerator` used to execute the plugin callback function. The format looks like `<Control>a` or `<Shift><Alt>F1` or `<Release>z` (for key release). See [GTK3 reference](https://docs.gtk.org/gtk3/func.accelerator_parse.html) for details and note that release key accelerators currently do not work, see [this issue](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/issues/2396). The accelerator can be omitted. Using accelerators without modifiers like (`<Alt>`, `<Control>`, `<Shift>`) is allowed, but will likely break the text tool.

Author: GTK3 documentation on accelerators seems to be broken due to the tags being parsed incorrectly. I opened an issue on their GitLab but I'm not sure how fast they fix it. The [GTK4 docs](https://docs.gtk.org/gtk4/func.accelerator_parse.html) seem to be fine, would that be an option?

Reviewer: Yes, the GTK4 docs look fine. Interestingly they don't mention a Release key any more (and I think it never got implemented, reading through the code file that does the parsing). So `<Release>z` shouldn't be mentioned at all, issue [#2396](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/issues/2396) should be closed and not mentioned.

Author: I hope I understood you correctly. It links to the GTK4 docs now and the release-accelerator isn't mentioned anymore, is that alright?

Reviewer: Yes, that's fine.

```

For more extensive examples of plugins, you can check out the code of the plugins bundled with Xournal++ [in the repository](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/tree/master/plugins).

## Plugin API

The Lua Plugin can execute a number of Xournal++ functions to interact with Xournal++. Those are defined in the
[Plugin API](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/blob/9d1277dee22bb095c2db047bb04f89cc837aee3c/src/plugin/luapi_application.h#L877-L898).

Currently the list contains the following functions:

> - `app.msgbox` shows a message box to the user and lets them choose an option by clicking a button

Reviewer: The grammar should be fixed somehow. Not sure what is the best way.
```suggestion
- `app.msgbox` shows a message box to the user and lets the user choose an option by clicking a button
```

Author: How about this:
```suggestion
- `app.msgbox` displays a message box with the specified buttons and returns the button clicked by the user
```

or simply leave out the first mention of the user (who else would the msgbox be shown to?), I think "displays" fits better then:
```suggestion
- `app.msgbox` displays a message box and lets the user choose an option by clicking a button
```

Reviewer: I like the first suggestion. It looks more precise than the latter one.
